`init`: cover remote project cases (#127)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/command-reference/init.md

```usage
usage: mlem init [options] [path]

arguments:
[path]      Location (file path or URL) to initialize a MLEM project
```

## Description

This creates a `.mlem/` directory and an empty `config.yaml` file in the desired
project `path`, which defaults to the current working directory (`.`).

> The existence of a valid `.mlem/` directory in any location (including [remote])
> allows MLEM to store a references to MLEM objects stored in the project,
> enabling `$ mlem list` command, and configure MLEM
> [to work with DVC](http://localhost:8000/doc/use-cases/dvc) by setting this in
> `.mlem/config.yaml`.

Author: ```suggestion
The existence of a valid `.mlem/` directory in any location (including [remote])
enables all of MLEM's functions. Specifically, it allows for storing references
to MLEM objects found in the project (required by `mlem list`) as well as to
[integrate with DVC](/doc/use-cases/dvc).
```

<admon type="tip">

We recommend initializing MLEM projects inside Git repositories to track changes

> using standard Git workflows.

Reviewer: What was the idea behind this? What Git workflows you assumed this enables? @jorgeorpinel

Author: > What was the idea behind this?

@aguschin I just moved this sentence from the previous paragraph into an admonition. Currently it reads

> Although we recommend using MLEM within a Git repository to track changes using
the standard Git workflows, ...

Reviewer: Ok, I think I got it now. I think it's clearer to say it like that. WDYT?
```suggestion
We recommend initializing MLEM projects inside Git repositories to track changes and
act on them using standard Git workflows.
```
